Guys, we're serious.
Davina is going to marry Mr. Leo Brando.
Didn't you see that on the invitation?
This is Mr. Leo Brando's welcoming party.
It is not a wedding announcement,
so I don't know what the hell you're talking about.
Daniel, you and Martin need to shut up
and stop spreading rumors.
Where's he being?
Did you hear that?
These idiots actually think Mr. Leo Brando
would marry this poor girl.
I think they've been reading too many fairy tales.
The young Mr. Brando would be better off marrying me.
But it's true, Davina.
These wealthy and powerful people don't accept us.
Maybe it was a mistake showing up.
I can't believe Leo didn't tell Bob's family about the wedding.
You think he's having second thoughts about the marriage?
No.
I don't know, we have to stress Leo.
Mom, you've said we were the guests of honor
at the party just like yourself.
Idiots.
Mia, are these the relatives of your uncle's family?
What a bunch of losers.
Like you said, they've ruined your good mood.
I don't like that.
Do you want me to kick them out?
You're so sweet.
You don't even worry.
Security, I'll take out the trash.